Punctuation fixes (#1904)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/cse/schema/record-processing-pipeline.md

## Suppressed List processing

> CSE’s Suppressed Lists feature is similar to Match Lists. A Suppressed List is a list of values of a particular field type, for example, an IP address or a file hash. When an incoming message contains a value found on a Suppressed List, CSE prevents any rules that the incoming message matches from firing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cloud SIEM's Suppressed Lists feature is similar to Match Lists. A Suppressed List is a list of values of a particular field type, for example, an IP address or a file hash. When an incoming message contains a value found on a Suppressed List, Cloud SIEM prevents any rules that the incoming message matches from firing.
```
